ever wonder what police dogs are
thinking they're hard-working members of
our safety team and use their sharp
senses to sniff out dangers in this
video they can talk and we'll teach you
about those dangers to be on the lookout
for suspicious behavior and people and
most of all safety around the railroad
if you do see something go tell a police
officer or an adult right away now
before we get started see if you can
answer these three questions after
watching this video should you tell the
police or an adult if someone left a bag
or box lying around
is it safe to walk or play near the
railroad tracks if you see a police dog
should you go over and try to pet it
let's find out this is the story of the
canine patrol
every day across America highly-trained
dogs and their handlers watch over our
railroads keeping us safe these
specialized teams sniff out trouble and
take action in the police department
they're known as the canine Patrol
you rest now son we'll be at Grandma's
in a couple of hours thanks mom Wow okay
okay
lie down people eyes front everybody we
have a lot to cover today and we have
some new assignments this morning
wealthy more you two are in the station
today sniffing out bags of luggage or
any boxes that were left behind got it
chief rider Stoltz yo I want your team
on board trains today work with
passengers answer questions let them
know you're there
if they need any help Ross Logan
venturelli
patrol the platform's look for anything
suspicious of dangerous kids play in the
other tracks you know the drill
yes sir hey hey I'm not done yet
Mary that's better riot Bailey you to
hit the waiting area in the food court
again we're looking for abandoned bags
or anything out of the ordinary Roger
that chief stay in did he say the food
court yeah oh yeah I'm gonna eat me some
french fries ha ha come on
he eats french fries off the floor
seriously totally gross dude yeah hot
dog okay
that's enough bunch of jokers that's it
folks
not get going and hey remember let's be
careful out there
how's your nose today Logan this head
Cole is driving me nuts but I'm much
better today thanks for asking you ready
to work let's go
we're smelling bags today partner do you
think will I get some smelly sneakers ha
ha do you love them hope that Hey
look I think someone left their backpack
over there it doesn't seem to belong to
anybody good eyes let's check it out how
long are we riding this train today Mike
that depends we still have a couple of
train cars to go let's stay for lunch no
problem I pack mine today oh and I have
some snacks for later let's see what do
we have here it's a ton of lizard pigs
use liver-flavored biscuit want some no
I'm good clean crowded a stand oh boy
pick on some kids look at the doggy oh
he's so cute pet him hey there kids as
much as my partner ride over here with
love a little pat on the head we'll have
to wait until we're off-duty but here's
something for you to read what what what
is it we'll take a look it's our trading
card it has some facts about us an
important security tip for you to
remember and it tells you how to call
the police to report something my mom
said to dial nine-one-one if there was
any trouble smart mom she's right can we
keep these absolutely cool thanks
officer bye riot I'm putting mine in my
locker
and you think these cards will be worth
something one day you know you could
have asked if I wanted my autograph just
saying what do we have Wolfie nothing
bad all clear
I love the smell of dirty socks in the
morning that's my bag officer I
completely forgot about it I should
always keep it with me and never walk
away from it
sorry about that my bad oh man
shouldn't have done that Radio 2k 249
radio 2k 249 report of a suspicious
package near 22 track also juvenile
spotted trespassing in the area please
respond over kq4 9 on the way
let's go Logan sounds serious let's give
that boy's mom our trading card okay
great idea
shh don't wake them up we must have just
missed them what's in the bag
smells like spray-paint don't these kids
know it's dangerous and illegal to be
anywhere near the track look what they
did that's vandalism and trespassing it
gets worse
look here they were out here with
headphones and earbuds you know you
can't hear a train coming with those on
really you can't I know this is so not
smart no place to be for kids wake up
honey we're almost there mom you
wouldn't believe it
there are police and their dogs and the
dogs talked and they were telling us
about being safe and how to call them if
we need help and then they handed out a
card and it was just like this one Wow
was real and they said to stay far away
from the tracks and you can't pet the
dogs you know cuz they are working the
dogs all cool names and boy that must
have been some dream you should never
leave your bag anywhere I always have it
with you you should never wear
headphones while walking if you see
something that just doesn't look right
say something tell your parents an adult
any trained employee or uniformed police
officer and remember always keep your
bags with you and tell someone if you
see a bag that was left behind
never wear headphones anywhere near
trains or train tracks if you see dogs
on the train or in the station don't try
to pet them because they're
concentrating on protecting you and
always dial 911 see until next time
let's answer those three questions we
asked you earlier should you tell the
police or an adult if someone left a bag
or box lying around yes
is it safe to walk or play near the
railroad tracks no if you see a police
dog should you go over and try to pet
him
No
great job congratulations
you